Dual-threat QB battle: Last week, the Bears used Fields as the dual-threat weapon he is. Fields completed 16 of 23 passes for 169 yards, including a 39-yard touchdown pass to receiver DJ Moore. He finished with a 105.2 passer rating and rushed for a season-high 104 yards on 18 carries, most of which were designed runs.
Dobbs is also one of the league's best dual-threat playmakers. Only Lamar Jackson (seven) has more games with at least 150 passing yards and 40 or more rushing yards than the six by Dobbs this season.

Dobbs and Fields are two of four quarterbacks since 1970 who have had a five-plus game streak with one or more rushing touchdowns. With another rushing score on Monday, Dobbs can tie Fields' NFL record of six consecutive games with a rushing touchdown. Fields hit that mark last season.

Justin Jefferson tracker: Six weeks ago, star receiver Justin Jefferson missed his first career game due to a hamstring injury suffered in Week 5 against the Chiefs. Jefferson's absence started against the Bears, and now there is a chance he will return against them.
However, O'Connell has clarified that the team will not rush their franchise player back. O'Connell said he views Jefferson as "questionable" for Monday night.

The coach was asked about the All-Pro again on Wednesday and said the following:

"He took a major part in our walk-through earlier today. We'll get back out here in a little bit, get a little work tomorrow morning before giving these guys the rest of the day to spend with their families," O'Connell said. "I think we're just going to assess it, and we've been doing that throughout the past couple of weeks, but he is getting closer. He is feeling really, really good. When that translates to him having a full performance, we'll rely on the medical team.

"We're just going to continue to be smart. We have urgency to win this football game. It's a very important football game. We know that anytime you get a division opportunity at home. We're just not going to allow that to distract us from the fact that we started out with some really strong principles and making sure Justin was at a good place and 100-percent healthy when he would return. We want to give him every opportunity to do that, but we're not going to let any other outside circumstances or the circumstances of our team to drive that decision in any way, shape or form."

In Jefferson's absence, the passing offense has starred tight end T.J. Hockenson Jordan Addison and benefited from Dobbs' off-script playmaking. Hockenson leads all tight ends with 75 receptions and 736 yards.
Next-man-up mentality: A lot has changed for both teams since they first met in Week 6. Since then, the Vikings have started three quarterbacks, had two different offensive line combinations, reconfigured their front seven, and started a rookie cornerback.
The Bears also look slightly different. Chicago traded for star defensive lineman Montez Sweat and started undrafted rookie Tyson Bagent four times. The Bears have also used eight different starting offensive line combinations in 11 games.

Back-to-back prime-time games: The Vikings played the Broncos last Sunday night and now face Chicago on Monday night. Monday marks the fourth Vikings prime-time game this season. The team is also scheduled for a Sunday night game against the Packers on New Year's Eve.
Monday will be the Bears fourth and final prime-time game of the season. Fields has won his last two prime-time starts; both were on the road. The previous Bears quarterback to win three straight prime-time road games was Rex Grossman in 2006.Jefferson = 5Dobbs = 5Hockenson = 2